==Plants in spring!==
In spring we will see many green leaves and flowers.
But a month ago, in the very cold winter, they look like this. Nothing at all.
How come?
Where do all these green leaves and flowers come from?
They like you come from and grow from tiny tiny babies.
But what do this babies look like?
Do these babies also drink milk? no.
Do these babies also need a soothie? no.
This little babies look like this.
They are called seeds and buds. flowers buds and leaves buds.
These little babies take food to eat from the soil and drink the rain water.
They take water from the rain when it's raining.
Then drink the rain and then they grow up into very tall plants.

==外出春天亲子英语==
Look! These are tiny little buds. They'll grow into flowers.
These are leaf buds. They will grow into leaves.
Be careful. Bees are here. They may sting you.
Don't pick the flowers. They will wither if we pick them.
These flowers will grow into sweet fruits.
They bees are collecting nectar. They will make sweet honey.
These petals are dancing in the air like little snowflakes.

==animals in spring==
Do you feel that in spring, all of a sudden, it gets noisy.
In the winter, when it is very cold, when there is snow, all the animals sleep in their homes.
So in winter, maybe you can hear the snoring sounds everywhere.
But in spring, when it's warm, animals all come out to play. 
Like bees buzz buzz buzz...And butterflies.
They come out to drink. And collect the sweet nectar from the flowers.
Fly around for the sweet nectar.

==冬眠的动物==
Some animals sleep for the whole winter.
They never come out.
They don't play with snow.
They don't build snowmen.
They don't have snow fights.
They don't eat or dink.
They only sleep.
So they are very hungry.
When spring comes, when it's warm outside, these animals come out to look for food.
oh, They are so hungry.
They need something to eat.
So next we are gonna lean a very fun fingerplay.
We are gonna use our fingers to tell a story about a bear who lives in a den.
This a den, and this is a bear.
So the name of this fingerplay is called "Bear in A den".
"Deep in a forest there is a den"
"A bear lives in the warm and cozy den"
"In spring, he comes out of the den he feels so hungry."
"He hunts around for sweet berries"
Oh, this bear is so hungry.
It just ate some berries.
But those are not enough.
The bear is still very very hungry.
So it needs something else to eat.
We also have this very hungry bear with us here today.
We are gonna feed it until it full.
we are gonna use this dice to decide what we're gonna feed it.
We have fish, frog, blackberries, a squirrel, 
and we also have a hare or a bunny, whatever. And some honey combs.
And now we are gonna roll the dice. It's fish.
so we're gonna feed the bear a yummy fish.
OK, this way..here we go. Munch munch munch.
And we're gonna roll the dice again, huh?
Roll the dice! A frog, ribbit ribbit.
We're gonna feed Mr.bear a frog.
We're gonna roll the dice again. A rabbit or a bare.
So let's feed My.Bear a rabbit.
And also you can feed Mr. Bear some blackberries.
But I think he's not that into blackberries anymore.
He has already had a lot of berries.
Or you can feed it with a squirrel. a bouncy squirrel.
In that way, our Mr. Bear will be full.

==回归的鸟儿==

==what can we do in spring==
Spring is so fun. But what can we do in spring?
There is a lot of things that you can do.
You can either go boating like row, row, row a boat.
Or you can go for a picnic.
Bring your backpack, bing your snacks, and then we are gonna go for a picnic.
Maybe on a mountain.
And also, you can go picking strawberries.
They ripe, red, sweet strawberries. Juicy strawberries.
We can pick them and taste them. yum yum.
Or we can visit the botanical garden(植物园) .
Or the zoo to visit those animals.
Or we can try a very popular activity. a spring activity.
That is "fly a kite"
Let it fly high up in the sky.
We can fly a kite in the cozy warm spring.
We can row a boat gently down the stream.
We can go for a picnic or pick strawberries.
These are what we do in the warm spring.

==fly a kite==
Have you ever flown a kite?
Why the kite can fly so high up in the sky. like a bird.
Does it have wings? No.
The kite don't have wings.
But why kites can fly up in the sky?
Let listen to the self introduction of a kite, OK?
I'm not a bird, but I like to fly.
I'm not a plane, but I touch the sky.
I can glide and fly up in the sky.
Who am I? I am a little kite.
So we fly a kite with a thread(线).
The kite can fly way up in the sky on a thread.
It can fly and glide like a little bird.
And if you like, you can add more kites onto the thread.
So in that way, you will have a long kite.
You can fly many kites on a thread.
In this picture, this person is flying many many kites.
And you can also try this next time.
If you fly a kite, it will be very fun.
But this time. I have prepared something for you.
We don't have thread, But we can have kites.
And we can also try to add some small kites onto the big kites.
But here's our rule.
Only the same colors will match.

==explore spring==
In spring, we will also see a little caterpillar.
We will see the little caterpillars wriggling wriggling on a branch or on a piece of leaf.
Have you ever read the story The very hungry caterpillar?
The little caterpillar is very hungry in spring.
It looks for many different things to eat.
It eats apples and pears and plums and strawberries and many many leaves.
And then the caterpillar becomes very fat and chubby(圆润).
Then it builds a pupa like this（大拇指）. This is a branch(手臂)
The pupa is hanging from the branch like this.(大拇指放在胳臂下面)
Inside the pupil, there is a caterpillar. 
And after many days, something will break out of the pupa.
and, Ooh! A butterfly will fly out. This is spring.
First comes a butterfly who lays an egg.
Out comes a caterpillar with many legs.
Oh see the caterpillar spin and spin.
A little pupa to sleep in.

==小瓢虫游戏==
It's always so fun to have games to play.
I've prepared for you many leaves.
It says pink. And it's also written in pink. Pink crayon or something. 
(这片写着pink也是用粉色写的)
We have altogether like six different colors.
And also, we have six ladybugs of six different colors.
The same as these leaves.
Your job is to help these little bugs find their homes.
Their homes should be the same color as their bodies, right?
For this orange, we have to find an orange ladybug.
The orange ladybug is here.
Oh congrats! you are finally home.
And for this purple leaf.
We are gonna help the purple ladybug find its home.
All the ladybugs are finally home.